
What makes it 'out of this world?'
Instead of space game, what if it's someone dreaming of a life in high-profile corporate espionage, rather than wasting their time at a boring desk job. I have to 'get out of this world' and retire.

Why do the heists?

Player goal: get out of the dystopian hellhole you live on, get out of this world. 

Mission rewards: cash, or rocket parts. Can either buy passage off-world, or hire someone to build you a rocket and take your team with you too.

ending the game, pressing the 'launch' button.

Idea: Make UI Elements look like pieces of paper on a desk, with a TV Screen for the map view.

Roadmap:
player can play a mission (success or failure happens here)
player can plan missions
player can select between multiple missions
player can select their team for each mission
player receives rewards from missions
player can 'win'
A tutorial
Players can change the plan during a mission
Balance timing numbers


Bonuses:
Loading screens
Saving/loading
Players can obtain additional information about a mission
Give NPCs more personality (squawks, banter, etc)
NPC progression
Player progression
More to do during mission execution

Give NPCs more personality (squawks, banter, etc)
Ideas here:
NPCs have opinion of player, and each other. These inform what squawks you'll see during a mission, and during planning.

Increasing opinion:
For player: Finishing within estimate, with low security, with extra pay.

For teammates: Finish a task successfully, finish a task early.

Reducing opinion:
For Player: fail a mission, finish over estimate, or with high security. Assign a task they are bad at.

For NPCs: critically fail a task. finish a task late. Be the one who fails the mission.


All moments when opinion changes are times for a squawk to happen.

What does opinion do:
bonuses to stats when with party members they like, penalties when with members they hate. Increased crit chance when they like the player, increased fumble chance when they hate the player.